[Term Entry] Lua Table Function: pack() (#3321)
Codecademy/docs: content/lua/concepts/tables/terms/pack/pack.md

---
Title: 'pack()'

> Description: 'Returns a table as a result from multiple values passed into a function.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a table as a result from multiple values passed to it.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Game Development'
Tags:
  - 'Tables'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-lua'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`pack()`** function takes multiple argument values that passed into this function, then returns a new table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`pack()`** function takes multiple argument values, then returns a new table.
```

**`Notice:`** The `"n"` field is added when we pass multiple arguments to the `pack()` function with a structure like {n = "number of elements in table"}. This field can also be called as `table_name.n`. For example, the `cars.n` will output the number of elements in the `cars` table.

## Syntax

```pseudo
table.pack(value1, value2, ..., valuen)
```

> - `value1`, `value2`, `...`, `valuen`: Each argument value will become each element in the new table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value1`, `value2`, `...`, `valuen`: Each argument value will become an element in the new table.
```
